User/bri/53452 middleware 1.3.39 (#76)
fiskaltrust/release-notes: README.md

If you're viewing this on GitHub, please navigate to https://docs.fiskaltrust.cloud for a more convenient view of this content and open the section of interest to the left. If you have any questions regarding the changes described here, please directly reach out to us via [feedback+releasenotes@fiskaltrust.cloud](mailto:feedback+releasenotes@fiskaltrust.cloud).

## September 05, 2022

### Middleware 1.3.39 (Germany)

> In this version of the Middleware,we made it possible to run the German middleware on an ARM device, we've also fixed a bug concerning Fail-transactions not removing the failed start transactions on the FailedStartTransaction table in the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this version of the Middleware, we made it possible to run the German middleware on an ARM device, we've also fixed an issue in which explicit Fail-transaction calls in failed mode were not removing the failed start transactions in the database.
```

> In this version of the Middleware,we made it possible to run the German middleware on an ARM device,moreover, we implemented an automatic retry when updating the FCC, we've also fixed a bug concerning Fail-transactions not removing the failed start transactions on the FailedStartTransaction table in the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this version of the Middleware, we made it possible to run the German middleware on an ARM device, moreover,  we implemented an automatic retry when updating the FCC, we've also fixed a bug concerning Fail-transactions not removing the failed start transactions on the FailedStartTransaction table in the database.
```
